Game Manual - Physche Against the Universe - Digital Version

Goal: The goal of the game is to guide the player through the solar system
who is on its way to asteroid Physche-16. However the journey is not as empty as space may
seem. The player will encounter unusual scenerios, and the solution they provide may provide them 
the boost the need to succeed.

Set-Up: The user (You) selects an avatar to be you on this journey. Afterwhich, determine which 
game mode you want to play. Select the number of CPU players whom you wish to be challenged against.At this time
also select any quality of life features you may want to use. When ready to begin your journey,
press Start.

Gameplay: Each player is dealt 5 answer cards containing a possible solution to a problem.
Each turn the game will present a situation (Prompt Card) that each player will need to
provide a solution too. Once player each turn will act as the judge and evaluate which players
chosen solution (Answer Card) is the best.
Play rotates to the left of the judge, with each player playing an answer card facedown.
Once the judge has chosen a card, the player who played it scores a point.
Afterwards, each player who played a card gets a new answer card for thier hand, and the 
judge rotates to the next player to the left. A new prompt card is played begining the new round.

Win: Play continues until a player reaches 7 points (normal) or 3 points (Sudden Win). 
Normal Mode: At 7 points a winner is declared. Play continues for one additional round to allow
the current judge to get an even amount of play rounds. If a tie is not reached, the game ends with the 
winner declared. In the case of a tie, an additional round is played to break the tie.

Sudden Win: Extra booster rockets have accelerated the journey to Pysche 16. First player to 3 points, 
regardless of ties or rounds played wins.

Strategy: As the human player, you need to convince the judge that you deserve the best. This means 
you need to read into the other players personalites to determine how they are going to play. Wach Answer card
contains a list of 4 personality traits. Through observation, you may be able to determine which type of 
card personality a player will use, and then play a card of that type to influence them when they are the judge.
Do the same when it is your turn as judge to ensure you don't accidently give another player a winning chance.